hey what's up hey what's up so I scoured
the internet looking for the worst
tattoos I could find and here's what I
found first we'll start with this one I
don't even know what to call this
nothing brings a couple closer than deep
throating an octopus together it's like
a twisted lady in the Tramp type thing
why would you get this tattooed on your
body I don't understand you have like a
deep love for tentacle rape I don't know
why this is on someone's body but it's
fucking weird and it's scary and I'm
probably gonna have nightmares about it
now here's a back fat butterfly the sky
is the limit
someone should have told them to apply
that to something other than food I bet
you if he jumps up and down it looks
like he's trying to fly Who am I kidding
this guy never jumps here's an element
Fudd tattoo yeah everybody thinks this
tattoos hilarious until an actual rabbit
crawls out of his ass and Elmer if the
rabbit you're chasing crawls into a
man's ass it's time to call the hunt off
that's gonna spoil your rabbit stew
here's a guy Teddy fucking a sword this
tattoo seems a little weird to me not
only does it look like he's titty
fucking a sword but that sword has a
mushroom tip and a big-ass vein going
down the middle it looks like he
originally had a tattoo of a big black
dick and then he got to cover it up to
look like a sword I would never say it
to his face
this guy would smash me he could knock
me out with the flex of a boob sorry
Peck Peck is what a man calls it right I
think when they get to that size though
they should be called boobs here's a
nipple tattoo that one's that one's
pretty funny one big step for man one
giant leap for here's a mrs. Doubtfire
tattoo well what the fuck why would you
get mrs. Doubtfire tattooed on you that
is a weird movie to love that much and
not just a little mrs. Doubtfire tattoo
but your entire back dedicated to mrs.
Doubtfire at least you got Robin
Williams in his prime when he was
dressing like a woman there's got to be
some weird reason this person did this
like did their dad actually dress up
like a maid they were like this movie
speaks to me it was so horrible when I
walked in on my nanny taking a piss and
it turned out to be
dad don't get me wrong I think mrs.
Doubtfire is a pretty good movie but to
dedicate a pure body to that movie that
is a deep love for a strange movie
here's a tattoo of a unicorn shark sorry
a flying unicorn shark jumping over a
rainbow oh man you know what I really
fucking like this tattoo I approve this
one I approve it this is it's good I
approve this tattoo that one is a-okay
with me I think everybody should get a
flying unicorn shark tattooed on their
body I'm not gonna do it but you guys
can
so thank you to the people who sent me
tattoos and if you guys have any weird
or strange tattoos that you found on the
Internet then send them my way and I
might be able to use them in a video
send them to fluffy fan mail at
gmail.com also make sure you check out
my gaming channel at youtube.com slash
fluffy for the win and my livestream at
twitch.tv slash fluffy for the win
you